Update complete application tutorial (#569)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_05/step_05.md

> The full code is available
<a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>.

The Performance Page is a section of the application that permits users to compare the performance metrics, 
including Root Mean Squared Error and Mean Absolute Error, across various scenarios. 
The page displays a table and two bar charts for comparing these metrics between baseline and 
machine learning predictions.

> ![Performance Page](result.png){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Performance Page](result.png){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }
```

> # Markdown (pages/performance/performance.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Markdown

The following Markdown corresponds to the `pages/performance/performance.md`file.
```

- **Conditional Rendering**: `<|part|render={len(comparison_scenario)>0}|...|>`

The part component ensures that certain elements are only rendered when there is data available in the *comparison_scenario*.

- **Table**: `<|{comparison_scenario}|table|>`

A table that displays the comparison data from the *comparison_scenario* DataFrame. The table is expandable if the number of rows exceeds the available space.

- **Metric Selector**: `<|{selected_metric}|selector|lov={metric_selector}|dropdown|>`

A dropdown selector that allows users to choose between two metrics: Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) and Mean Absolute Error (MAE).

- **Bar Charts**: `<|{comparison_scenario}|chart|type=bar|x=Scenario Name|y[1]=RMSE baseline|y[2]=RMSE ML|...|>`

Two bar charts that compare the selected metric (RMSE or MAE) between baseline and machine learning predictions. The charts display the performance metrics for each scenario.

- **Compare Button**: `<|Compare primarys|button|on_action=compare|>`

A button that triggers the "compare" action when clicked. It is used to initiate the comparison process.

> ## Python Code (pages/performance/performance.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Python Code 

The following Python code corresponds to the `pages/performance/performance.py` file.
```

                                            "RMSE baseline",
                                            "MAE baseline",
                                            "RMSE ML",
                                            "MAE ML"])

# Selector for metrics
metric_selector = ["RMSE", "MAE"]
selected_metric = metric_selector[0]

def compare(state):
    print("Comparing...")

    # Initialize lists for comparison
    scenario_data = []

    # Go through all the primary scenarios
    all_scenarios = sorted(tp.get_primary_scenarios(), key=lambda x: x.creation_date.timestamp())

    for scenario in all_scenarios:
        rmse_baseline, mae_baseline = scenario.metrics_baseline.read()
        rmse_ml, mae_ml = scenario.metrics_ml.read()

        # Store scenario data in a dictionary
        scenario_data.append({
            "Scenario Name": scenario.name,
            "RMSE baseline": rmse_baseline,
            "MAE baseline": mae_baseline,
            "RMSE ML": rmse_ml,
            "MAE ML": mae_ml
        })

    # Create a DataFrame from the scenario_data list
    state.comparison_scenario = pd.DataFrame(scenario_data)

performance = Markdown("pages/performance/performance.md")
```

> It includes the following components:

Reviewer: It is not defined here. At this point, I would just remove the line that does not bring any information.

Author: Which line?

Reviewer: 105. The word "it" does not refer to anything.

> The full code is available
<a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>.

# Performance

> The Performance Page is a part of the application. It allows users to compare the performance metrics (Root Mean Squared Error and Mean Absolute Error) of different scenarios. 
> The page displays a table and two bar charts for comparing the metrics between baseline and machine learning predictions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Performance Page is a section of the application that permits users to compare the performance metrics, 
including Root Mean Squared Error and Mean Absolute Error, across various scenarios. 
The page displays a table and two bar charts for comparing these metrics between baseline and 
machine learning predictions.
```

    all_scenarios = sorted(tp.get_primary_scenarios(), key=lambda x: x.creation_date.timestamp())

    for scenario in all_scenarios:
        rmse_baseline, mae_baseline = scenario.metrics_baseline.read()
        rmse_ml, mae_ml = scenario.metrics_ml.read()

        # Store scenario data in a dictionary
        scenario_data.append({
            "Scenario Name": scenario.name,
            "RMSE baseline": rmse_baseline,
            "MAE baseline": mae_baseline,
            "RMSE ML": rmse_ml,
            "MAE ML": mae_ml
        })

    # Create a DataFrame from the scenario_data list
    state.comparison_scenario = pd.DataFrame(scenario_data)

performance = Markdown("pages/performance/performance.md")
```

It includes the following components:

- **Global Variables**:

The variables *comparison_scenario*, *metric_selector*, and *selected_metric* are initialized. 
The *comparison_scenario* DataFrame stores the comparison data, while *metric_selector* holds the options for the metric selector. *selected_metric* is initialized with the default metric, which is the first element of the *metric_selector* list (RMSE).

- **Compare Function**:

> The `compare` function is responsible for performing the comparison process. This function is called when the user clicks the "Compare" button. 
> It retrieves the primary scenarios from the application and goes through each scenario to extract the RMSE and MAE metrics for both baseline and 
> machine learning predictions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `compare` function takes care of the comparison process. This function is triggered when the user clicks 
the "Compare" button. It gathers the primary scenarios from the application and then goes through each scenario 
to collect the RMSE and MAE metrics for both baseline and machine learning predictions.
```

The data is then stored in the *comparison_scenario* DataFrame.

- **Performance Page Initialization**:

The performance variable is initialized as a Markdown object, representing the content of the Performance Page.

> The Performance Page in the Python application lets users compare how well different scenarios perform when making time series predictions. 
> Users can select between RMSE and MAE metrics and see the comparison results displayed as bar charts. This page is a useful tool for assessing 
> the efficiency of various prediction scenarios and can assist in making informed decisions based on performance evaluations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Performance Page in the Python application enables users to compare the effectiveness of different scenarios 
in making time series predictions. Users can choose between RMSE and MAE metrics and view the comparison results 
presented as bar charts. This page serves as a valuable tool for evaluating the efficiency of various prediction 
scenarios and can assist in making informed decisions based on performance assessments.
```
